*These are some draft notes for implementing a new upgrade and config system using git-fs. This is a work-in-progress.*

There is the concept of "reboot-required-parameters". These are
parameters in `cmdline` that require a reboot to take effect. Initially,
these will only be `revision` and `boot_append`, but perhaps there will
be more later.

 - initrd:
   - Read `/live/image/live/webc-cmdline-$uuid` or
     `/live/image/live/webc-cmdline` *(using the uuid from the real
     cmdline)*
   - If a revision value is present on cmdline (either real cmdline or
     installed config), it is passed to git-fs. Otherwise, git-fs just
     mounts whatever HEAD points to. The latter happens when the image is ro,
     or a rw image is booted for the first time.

 - `live-config.sh` / `updates.sh`:
   -  Copy `/live/image/live/webc-cmdline` (if any) to `/etc/webc/cmdline`, in
      case downloading the new config fails.
   - Download the new config to `/etc/webc/cmdline`
   - If `/live/image` is not writable, bail out, we're done.
   - *If the revision value is different and auto_reboot is set
     in the **new** cmdline, remember that a reboot is required)*
   - *Run git fetch to fetch the revision from the new cmdline (no-op if
     this revision is already available, but still important to know if
     the boot is succesful)*
   - *If fetching the new cmdline **and** the git fetch worked, this is
     a successful boot and we need to do the bootloader magic required to
     make this the default boot option (and clean up the old default config, kernel and initrd as well, probably)*
   - *If any reboot-required-parameters changed, and the new revision is
     available in /.git (i.e. the git fetch worked):*
     - *Generate a uuid*
     - *Extract the kernel and initrd from the new revision and store them
       as `/live/image/live/vmlinuz-$revision` and
       `/live/image/live/initrd-$revision`*
     - *Generate a new bootloader config (appending the `boot_append`
       value from the new `cmdline` and `webc-cmdline=$uuid` to the
       kernel cmdline) and store that as
       `/live/image/boot/boot-$uuid.cfg`*
     - *Set up the bootloader to boot from this new config (extlinux has
       support for booting a particular boot entry **once**, perhaps
       syslinux as well?)*
   - *If the cmdline was changed, copy the new cmdline
     (`/etc/webc/cmdline`) to `/live/image/live/webc-cmdline-$uuid` (either
     using the new uuid generated above, or the current one from the
     kernel cmdline)*
   - Copy the new cmdline (`/etc/webc/cmdline`) to
     `/live/image/live/webc-cmdline` (this is replaced by the
     previous item when that one is implemented).
   - *If a reboot was required, reboot now*
