Tracking the status of the Debian installer.

Webconverger has [sponsored
work](http://lists.debian.org/debian-live/2009/08/msg00029.html) to allow
Webconverger to be installed on the hard drive.

There are some pros and cons on installs.

# Pros

If you computer is enable to boot [[usb]] sticks, you typically would want to
install Webconverger from the [[iso]] version onto the hard drive to improve
load times.

Although USB or ISO (Compact Disc) media is inexpensive, it is sometimes a
waste not to use the hard drive contained in most computers today. Customers
also worry that USB sticks or CDs can go missing from the computer.

# Cons

Users can unwittingly replace the contents of their hard drive with Webconverger.

Including the installer on the Webconverger images, can bloat the image by many
several megabytes. Since Webconverger is by [[design]] a Live Linux
distribution, this can be wasteful since many will not be using this feature.

Webconverger on a writable disk makes everything rather complicated. Some users
don't want to loose history and hence this goes against the [[design]].
Webconverger on the hard drive makes it much easier to upgrade than a LiveCD,
since upgrades can be persistent across reboots. However ensuring upgrades
happen smoothly and efficiently is hard work!

The installer is complex and it's difficult to support and [[test|testing]].

The [[USB]] Live version of Webconverger boots up as fast as the hard drive
version.



# USB issues

* Too many menu options

You can accidentally install Webconverger on the free space on the USB key. Don't do this, it won't work.


# ISO issues

`grub-pc` is in affect, which will cause
<http://git.debian.org/?p=debian-live/config-webc.git;a=blob;f=webconverger/config/binary_local-includes/install/late_command.sh>
to fail and hence the install will report failure too.
