# Mailing lists

## webc-users@googlegroups.com

webc-users is a Google hosted public list for general non-order related enquiries.

If a mail comes to feedback@webc or enquiries@webc a reply should be CC:ed to
the webc-users mailing list. Idea is that common queries are dealt with, "in
the open".

However the person or customer sending in the enquiry should have his privacy.
So please "anonymize" the message before forwarding to webc-users@googlegroups.com

## staff@webconverger.com

This is the only internal private list for keeping track of orders.

Only staff members of Webconverger can read and send (write) to this list.

When a customer is mailed staff@webconverger.com MUST be BCC:ed for records.

This mailing list is to keep track of how we handle orders.

Every staff member should have READ access to Google Checkout. Please reference threads with the Google Checkout ID.

Google Checkout will be configured to mail staff@webconverger.com

[[hendry]] takes responsibility for charging a customer. When an order is
complete, send the details to the customer for example:

	Dear [customer name],

	Your order is ready for download:

	http://custom.webconverger.com/[Google checkout ID].iso
	http://custom.webconverger.com/[Google checkout ID].iso.MD5SUM
	http://custom.webconverger.com/[Google checkout ID].txt

	Kind regards,

Once [[hendry]] sees the order has been "delivered", then the subsequent charge will be made.

Staff member who processes the order will currently get 50% of what the
customer is charged. If more than one member of staff is involved in processing
an order, the reward breakdown will be negotiated on the list.
