Webconverger is low maintenance. No administrator required!

Webconverger is designed so that users store their data on Web applications, so you need not worry about losing (or maintaining) any data locally.

Webconverger ships with the [latest stable packages](http://download.webconverger.com/packages.txt). Though even older versions of Webconverger will automatically **update on startup** to keep Webconverger users **always current with stable updates**.

Webconverger differs from Windows as **all packages** are kept up to date and secure.

# Example of Webconverger's upgrade functionality

An example to better illustrate what Webconverger is designed to do:

1. User finds an old Webconverger 2.4 CD
2. User does **NOT** need to throw away, [download](http://download.webconverger.com/) and burn the latest ISO from on a new CD
3. User still uses Webconverger 2.4 CD to boot machine
4. At boot up in the background Webconverger **automatically upgrades itself**
5. User should find version number of Webconverger in top right jump to latest version

However this upgrade system is not absolutely perfect on read only media like live CDs. For example kernel updates can't be activated without a reboot. A reboot is pointless on a _live CD_ version as the upgrade changes will be lost! However the upgrade works very well for keeping the browser up to date which is the most important element of Webconverger.

USB and hard drive installations of Webconverger should fully upgrade everything. Sometimes new (non-browser) features can be added to the Live CD version that the upgrade can't activate, so if you must, you can [download](http://download.webconverger.com/) the latest ISO to activate these features.

