[[!meta title="Webconverger for system integrators"]]

# Best of class in Linux

When your customers are looking for opensource or secure linux based Web
browser systems to deploy in their organisation, the choice is Webconverger.

## Hardware choice

Google Chrome OS effectively only runs on [their mandated
hardware](http://www.google.com/chromebook/find/). Typically not industry
standard PCs.

This jeopardises your existing hardware relationships. Webconverger on the
other hand works on almost any PC compatible hardware.

Use existing old rolling PC stock (with at least 1GB of RAM) for suppling your
kiosk solution with Webconverger to your customers.

## Control the upsell

Google Chrome OS control the applications pushed to end systems.  With
Webconverger you have control over the Application ecosystem, by defining the
Web applications the PC is locked to.

## User privacy

In sensitive government / banking / "Cardholder Data" environments where you
cannot have data leaking to the cloud, Webconverger is the only choice.

We ensure no data about your intranet or where you browsed is leaked outside
your network.

## Accountability and control

Every [change in Webconverger is atomic and happens in one
place](https://github.com/webconverger/webc). With our pioneering [[upgrade]]
technology you can do things that are impossible in other systems, like roll
back or lock/pin to a particular revision of software.

For more details, please read our [[blog/2015/ChromeOS_versus_Webconverger]]
blog.

# Microsoft Windows arguments

## Does not need to replace Windows

You don't need to install Webconverger over your existing systems.

Webconverger can operate beside Windows without touching your existing
installs. This can be achieved by installing Webconverger to a USB stick.

Need to temporarily convert some of your customer's computers to kiosks?
Webconverger is a turn key solution.

## Cost effective

We are price competitive with complex software that locks down Windows:

* [[blog/entry/Kioware_Product_Comparison]]
* [[blog/entry/SiteKiosk_versus_Webconverger]]

## Easier to deploy

Webconverger takes minutes to setup. With free automatic updates, your **total cost of ownership** is minimised.

## Privacy

Windows client software typically by default log users surfing habits. Reports
and statistics might be what your client wants, but what about the end user's
privacy? Your client can still have reports by running something like Google
Analytics on their own server site instead.

Protect your client from legal challenges by using Webconverger, a kiosk
software solution that respects users [[privacy]] by default.

# System integrator commissions

When you handle first line of support, we will provide generous commissions to
our [clear pricing](https://webconverger.com/pricing/).

Please get in touch with <a href=sales+si@webconverger.com>sales</a> to learn
more.
