[[!meta title="Webconverger Limited's Terms and Conditions"]]

The canonical location of Webconverger's Terms and Conditions is
<http://webconverger.org/terms>.

It comes complete with a [changelog](http://source.webconverger-org.branchable.com/?p=source.git;a=history;f=terms.mdwn;hb=HEAD) and is subject to change.

### Interpretation

This agreement is written in plain English and should be read as such. This
agreement is subject to English law in the jurisdiction of the United Kingdom.

We have used the terms we, us, our, etc to mean Webconverger Ltd, and you,
your, etc to mean the customer to whom we are providing services.  We are
Webconverger Limited, a company registered in England and Wales number 6366403
and in Singapore number 201211208C.

### Webconverger subscription terminology versus license

To avoid confusion with the opensource licensed Webconverger PC operating
system, we prefer to sell our managed PC services as "subscriptions" and not as
"licenses" as our competitors typically do.

Each subscription is mapped to a machine identity; a unique combination of a
PC's motherboard identifier and its MAC address.

### One off subscriptions

A "one off" subscription is fixed to a particular machine identity and is
non-transferable. Once you have paid for the one‐off subscription, unless we
render any professional services to you for customisation, you shall not have
any ongoing liability to us for payment.

By purchasing a one off subscription, you are allowed to continue using the
product for as long as it is on the machine that it is mapped to.

### Limitations of liability

We understand that ongoing operation of services we provide is important to you
but we expect you to understand that services can fail for a variety of
reasons. It is also possible for us to make mistakes.  As such we expect you to
take whatever precautions or insurances against such failure or mistakes as you
see fit, including situations where we may be negligent.

Both parties liability for direct losses is limited to the amount that you paid
for the product or service.. Neither party shall be liable for any
consequential or indirect losses howsoever arising.

If we are negligent, then we accept that we have liability. We require you to
prove we have been negligent in such cases. We require you to demonstrate
actual losses for your claim. We require you to take all reasonable steps to
minimise your losses.

Whilst there are no limits on our liability for death or personally injury due
to negligence, we limit our liability for any other negligence or any other
reasons to a refund of the amount paid for the failed goods or services. (We
also make it a condition that you do not use any of our services in any safety
of life situations where a failure could cause death or personal injury). You
agree to this limit whether we are negligent, or not, and even for liabilities
that somehow occur when we are not in breach of contract with you.

It is important to realise what this means. Basically, in most cases, if we
mess up, the most you can get is your money back. Some of our services are very
cheap and some are even free of charge, so this is not a lot of compensation.
If this is a problem, then you should look at getting your own insurance or
buying services from someone else. When you order goods or services from us you
are agreeing to these limits of liability.

These terms do not affect your statutory rights, and apply to the full extent
that the law permits them to within those rights.

Webconverger takes responsibility of any Intellectual Property rights issues
arising from our product.  We will indemnify you if, by using our products or
services as contemplated by this agreement, you are found to be in breach of a
third party's intellectual property rights and such indemnity shall not be
limited by the above clauses.

### License of Webconverger

The Webconverger operating system is based on opensource software, with notable
exceptions of non-free wireless firmware and Adobe flash. You must understand
that the branding (logo and the name "Webconverger") are proprietary. Only our
Webconverger built images can display the logo and can be sold as
"Webconverger".

### Services

Services of Webconverger include the support provided by us for the products
and/or services you have purchased and the [configuration
manager](http://config.webconverger.com).

If you derive services from us, you must maintain a subscription, i.e. you must
have paid for services you use.

If you fail to to pay for a subscription to use the product, we reserve the
right to terminate the service and reset Webconverger to its unconfigured
defaults.

We warrant that the product will perform substantially in accordance with its
specification.

### Termination

Termination of service means the nullification of your configuration, which in
turn resets Webconverger to its defaults. Webconverger at its unconfigured or
uncustomised defaults can be used without payment.

It is a violation of the contract to circumvent termination. You must continue
to pay or stop using the service.

### Privacy policy

The [Webconverger privacy policy](http://webconverger.org/privacy/) forms part
of this Agreement.

During this Agreement either party may provide the other with confidential
information. Each party recognises and agrees that a breach of such
confidentiality may cause irreparable harm and damages may not be an adequate
remedy. Each party indemnifies the other in respect of any breach of
confidential information and such indemnity shall not be limited by the
Limitations of Liability clause above.

### Service levels

Our service levels are supplied on a best efforts basis and in accordance with
the [Webconverger service level agreement](http://webconverger.org/sla/) and
form part of this Agreement.

### Refunds

We offer a 30 day money back guarantee once service has begun. So if you began
trial at the beginning of the month, and made payment at the beginning of the
second week, you have until the end of that month to cancel the service and
receive a full refund.

Upon your written notice (including email) to us to cancel the service, we will
immediately terminate the service and return your money minus any payment
transaction fees within 30 days after receiving the notice.

### Payment fees

For bank transfers you must bear all the costs of the bank transfer.

### Credit terms

Unless we agree otherwise, invoices are due for payment immediately. We are
prepared to agree terms such as 14 days, 30 days or end of following month at
our discretion and as notified to you in writing (including by email).

Credit is not automatic or a right and we may withdraw or change credit terms
for future invoices if we wish but upon notice to you. If you do not agree to
the terms stated on the invoice you must contact us immediately.

### Misc

If we don't enforce our contract terms at any point it doesn't mean we won't
later.

If we don't charge you for something right away it doesn't mean we won't charge
for it later.

These terms are not intended to benefit any third party as per Contracts
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.

We may anonymously quote your bug reports on our public bug tracker.

We may anonymously quote comments from any emails or comments we receive from
you unless you specifically say we can't, e.g. for our testimonials page. We
will ask first.
