[[!meta title="5 reasons how Webconverger is competitive against its Windows based rivals"]]

I'm living the dream of running a company supplying open source software.
Though we need to be competitive outside the merits of open source. How does
Webconverger the product compare to its competitors?

# Microsoft monopoly on PCs

Webconverger supplies the complete stack. Webconverger has **no software
dependencies**. Out competitors like
[KioWare](http://www.kioware.com/kwfws.aspx?c=kwfws_sysreq) and
[SiteKiosk](https://www.provisio.com/en-US/sitekiosk/default.aspx#system)
require Windows.

A Windows license can cost 100USD or more alone, however unfortunately for us,
the price is bundled in the price of a PC and most people don't see it.

So I wish I could add the cost of Windows (~100USD) plus the cost of licencing
a competitor's software (~100USD) and compare that to Webconverger's base
120USD a year. Though as I mentioned before, most system integrators are not
going to notice the Windows license as its very hard to get that money back.

Ignore the expense of Windows makes it difficult for us to undercut KioWare &
SiteKiosk directly on price, though we do have more to offer.

**Webconverger is cheaper if you count the real cost of Windows computing.**

# Ease of install

You can boot Webconverger and configure it with our new service in about 10
minutes or less if you already have a Paypal account. (Re-)Installing Windows
can take **hours**.

We can even help you go faster here if you give us a
[bulk](http://config.webconverger.com/faq/#do-you-offer-mass-configuration-/-bulk-discounts)
CSV of your machine identifiers.

**Webconverger saves you time.**

# Performance

Customers has said Windows plus competitor's software are resource hogs and
this is no surprise to us. Webconverger runs far more efficiently on PCs. We've
heard of customers not rolling out new HTML5 enabled sites because their
Windows kiosk software were holding them back. Now they are using Webconverger
and they are free to improve their customer experiences using the latest
Firefox technologies.

**Webconverger runs better on PCs.**

# No Windows BSODs and proven stability

It's difficult to empirically prove that Linux powered Webconverger is more
stable than Windows plus competitor's software, though bear in mind that our
software stack is minimized to provide a great browsing experience on PCs.
Windows plus competitors software is far bigger and complex stack for bugs to
bite.

Our software is proven to mission critical and reliable. Webconverger runs [24
hours a day 7 days a week in the city of
London](http://neon.webconverger.com/case-study/).

**Webconverger is stable.**

# Open source software security

Indeed there is a debate raging on the merits of [Open source software security
](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Open_source_software_security). Window's fine
grained security features leveraged by our competitors is undeniably good. And
we must be careful to acknowledge that if an attacker has physical access to
the machine, it can be "cracked". For example by resetting the BIOS by removing
the battery. Nonetheless Webconverger is competitive.

Our [[security]] policy invites [security experts](http://ikat.ha.cked.net) for
review and our [[design]] is such that to facilitate security in layers. Our
"live version" is particularly good and received acclaim and our in development
"install version" will introduce checks to verify the signed git tags.

Our current upgrade process is straightforward (re-image the USB stick) however
we plan to make it even easier with git based [[upgrades|upgrade]]. This feature is not
ready yet, though our attitude to security and privacy is very proactive and
transparent.

**Webconverger is security concious.**

# 5 reasons to support Webconverger

Please [download Webconverger](http://download.webconverger.com) and give your
users better access to the Web, whilst saving you time, money and giving you
piece of mind that Webconverger is both opensource and competitive.
