As an IT administrator, as an extra level of Quality Assurance, you want to
perhaps check remotely your wonderful Webconverger kiosks are up and running.

It's worth bearing in mind, the **most common kiosk failure point by and large,
is network failure**. So you can ultimately expect to see a log of "false
negatives" with your monitoring. That is Webconverger is fully operational, but
somehow between you and your kiosk, the network connection was disrupted.
Webconverger is fault tolerant and designed to retry the network when
disconnected, so when it's back on, it's back to functional.

What I don't want to see is use of "graphical desktop sharing system" tools
like VNC for IT administrators to invade the privacy of users, which [I have
seen in Asia](https://dukgo.com/blog/webconverger-interview). There is **really
no need to view a users screen** in Webconverger.  Webconverger can be
configured to reset if a user just leaves the station with
[[kioskresetstation|blanking]].

So here are some options to check your kiosk machine is alive:

### ping

Super simple. 1ping1 the IP of your kiosk machine. If pings fail to be returned, you know you have a problem.

In practice you need to have stable IP addressing. You probably want to run a
tool like [Nagios](http://www.nagios.org/) to alert you by email if something
is wrong. And that tool needs access to your local network, which is often not
easy with today's typical Firewalled Internet connection.

### Your homepage httpd logs

As described upon the [[API]] document under **Expansions**, you can have a homepage like so:

	homepage=http://example.com/?id=WEBCID

And than will expand and be seen in your Web servers logs:

	example 127.0.0.1 - - [06/Aug/2013:10:38:43 +0800] "GET /?id=B69E3A64-898C-11E1-BBA0-8CCB39332B00;44:37:e6:9a:3b:51 HTTP/1.1" 200

So typically after a kiosk is used, the station is reset and your homepage reloaded. Now you can monitor this event in your logs.

### support.webconverger.com

If you append your machine identity to <http://support.webconverger.com/>, for
example
<http://support.webconverger.com/EE0CA770-AFFB-453F-B8C5-F9F73135E39A;08:00:27:4e:4a:4e>,
you can see when machine last retrieved its configuration. So this is a quick
sanity check to see when a machine effectively last booted successfully. If you
have not seen a kiosk retrieve a configuration on a remote site, then you have
a problem.

Furthermore appending `support` in your configuration will make your logs appear
on the server. Though this should only be used for debugging, not for
monitoring.

### log=

Remote logging is documented already in [[API]], though this ability combined
with your logging endpoint, shows all Webconverger logs. So here the client
effectively pushes every 5 minutes a message that you can track, saying that
the machine is alive and well.

### Could we do it better?

We don't run any
[SNMP](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simple_Network_Management_Protocol)
services on Webconverger. If there is demand from you, we certainly can
consider it. This would effectively a be a better defined `log=` functionality.

We also do have a system only used in [Neon digital
signage](http://neon.webconverger.com/) that uses ssh for very active
monitoring that would be unsuitable for Web kiosks due to the risk to a users
privacy.

# Webconverger uptime monitoring summary

The easiest way to monitor is using `ping` and using
<http://support.webconverger.com/>. If you are a bit more tech savvy, use the
expansions with your Web logging. Finally for very fine grained, consider
`log=`. These Webconverger APIs should give you the piece of mind to run a very
high quality IT operation.
