Before the wounds of not having Internet and the diabolical time getting
Internet in the UK still aren't quite healed, let me tell you a story.

Before the turn of the new year I took over the lease over the rented
accommodation. Rented accommodation in the eyes of the powers that be is already
setting yourself up for disaster. Most companies you'll do with will have no
system for registering your landlord and their tenants.

I took over a house with BT business line. I called BT explaining beforehand
that I am taking over the line. Though since I am not a business and a BT
business line is in fact more expensive than a residential line, I was passed
off to BT residential. In hindsight I should have probably made Webconverger
foot the cost.

So after talking to BT residential in late December 2007, everything seemed to
be OK for the change over.  Except my new ISP [BE](https://www.bethere.co.uk/),
need a MAC code for the broadband. Unfortunately BT business would not give me
this code and I had to get my ex-housemate on the line to get identify himself
for the code.  Nevermind the line should be mine.

After the holiday [BE](https://www.bethere.co.uk/)'s crappy ADSL2+ modem
arrived. I plugged it in and it didn't work.  I expected the modem to be
configured for my 'PRO' order, yet I had to call them up for them to tell me
the settings I need to input into modem. Their support number is a "toll free"
number from a landline, but I don't have a landline phone. I only have a
[mobile](http://natalian.org/archives/2007/05/15/nokia-e65-from-3/) which
charges a fortune for calling 0808 numbers.

So ADSL2+ seems to work. While I was on the line I asked the upload channel to
made bigger which they did. So I was getting 200kB/sec up which was nice. I
typically build and upload Webconverger ISOs locally, hence I need a good
upload channel to deliver the finished product. Uploading is typically a pain
on ADSL and typical home access points. I believe the problem is the upload
channel gets full and doesn't properly handle ACKs.  The result is a upload
renders the Internet connect close to useless. So I usually have to upload
overnight, which is a pain.

There were connection errors and sadly the upload channel never seemed to ever
reach the first 2 mbit speeds when I first tried. Anyway I was quite happy with
the BE connection, until the 8th of January when I come home to find the
Internet connection not working.

After a 10 minute call to BE techinical support in Sibera (ok, eastern europe
somewhere), they told me line is disconnected. It would have been nice if they
called me to tell me that BT have disconnect my line. Anyhoo, I call up BT
residential.

BT residential says they couldn't finish the take over as my line is and still
is a "working line". So then BT pushed me to BT business and back again. I
recorded I spoke to at least seven BT people. Was on the call for at least an
hour. And I made an order to reconnected twice. So I quickly learnt BT
residential and BT business are completely seperate and can't seem to
co-ordinate. Only after completing a order they could be a possible date of my
Internet reconnection. Far into the future.

Since Webconverger is an Internet service, its business can't operate without
Internet for weeks! I ended the call and rang back on January the 18th and
still the order was not in their system. The last person said they could only
get my connected by the 11th of February for 130GBP. Which is a little crazy.

Nevermind all this MAC code transferral that needs to happen with the ISP at
the exchange... At this stage I was deperate to go for an alternative.

The only alternative in the UK for Internet, besides BT & an ADSL ISP is cable.
Cable is monopolised by [VirginMedia](http://virginmedia.com/)

Signing up for cable from Virgin is quite tricky. They offer ADSL broadband too
and if you are not careful you might actually order BT line rental, ADSL,
mobile phone, some television package and some sort of credit card deal.
