Ok, I admit since my last post about the [[blog/entry/Company_Tax_Return]],
nothing much has happened.

There are a couple of silly reasons for this. When I sent the CSV of my bank
statements and Google checkout orders I assumed the
[accountant](http://azure-global.com/) would be able to go from there.

After sometime, my accountant got back to me, very confused. He seemed to think
that I wanted a personal tax return. No I want a **Company Tax Return**.

Then it seemed like they couldn't parse the CSVs I sent. I admit they are quite
hard to read. So my accountant sent me a Cash Book template. After a couple of
weeks I realised the document he sent me was an [unreadable .xlsx
format](http://static.natalian.org/2009-02-18/CashBookTemplate.xlsx), which I
was unable to open with [Google Spreadsheets](http://spreadsheets.google.com).
I then asked for a .xls version and finally I could open the [cashbook.xls
template](http://static.natalian.org/2009-02-18/CashBookTemplate.xls) in Google
docs. Phew.

So now I was entering Webconverger receipts and payments myself with 'expense
type' notes. Very painful work I dreamt my accountant would do.  I ordered all
the statements from Barclays. They took more than a week to arrive and the
print outs were quite odd. First batch looks like they came from a Unix
machine. The latest statements were printed on what looks like a crap Windows
machine. Finally I learnt I should import the CSVs into Google docs.

You can't currently import a CSV into your working Google docs document. You
have to open a new document and then the copy from context menu was not
working. After much frustration I learnt trusty ctrl+c and ctrl+v does work in
Google docs.  Fantastic.

After completing the Cash Book and feeling again quite pleased with the
turnover of this 'opensource' company, namely Webconverger, I tried to work out
exactly when Company Tax Return was required.

So in England there is a government service called [Companies
House](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Companies_House) who confusingly ask your
company for an [[blog/entry/Annual_Return]] every year. You pay them 15GBP to
keep a few records of your UK business. In return Companies House provides you
an ABYSMAL Web site. A site so bad that I know for a fact other government
agencies can't be bothered to query it. I know this because the Company Tax
Payment Reminder office in Shipley didn't seem to know the accounts return due
date. I asked them why they had not checked with Companies House and I could
feel their frustration...

Let me continue ranting by saying the Companies House Website is a bitch to navigate.
The most interesting link is hidden on the right and it's called
[WebCHeck](http://www.companieshouse.gov.uk/info).

Here after waiting 30 seconds per request for me, you can enter 'Webconverger'.
Then an obscene list of yellow entries with Web-something-or-other is
presented.  Fruitlessly try click Webconverger Limited on the very top of the
page and give up. No, the secret after calling their helpline, is to click on
the **number in the left column**. _Head slap_

Notice how the company information seems to fail to have additional useful
information like a EU VAT ID. Honestly, [Companies
House](http://www.companieshouse.gov.uk) sucks so bad.  Ideally this public
information should be available for search engines to trawl and index.
Companies House Website is unbelievably offline between 12 and 7am. Isn't that just bizarre
in the 21st century? What are they using for a back end? Punch cards?

Confusingly, I need to file two returns as my first year of trading was not a
full year so HM Revenue & Customs cannot accept a return unless it's a full
year has elapsed.  Urf.

Next I needed to find out about VAT. Not paying VAT can wind you up in jail. So
I better do this **now** since my returns are only due in September. Though I
assumed that the HMRC Government gateway would email me reminders beforehand.
Unfortunately they don't do this.

I thought I should be filing EC Sales lists (ECSLs) every quarter for supplies
I've zero rated to EU customers. However in some of my notes it says I do not
need to charge VAT on electronic supplies. [Customised
images](http://webconverger.com/buy/) are electronic downloads, so I have not
submitted any ECSLs. However calling up the VAT helpline today, I was advised
to submit ECSLs all the same. So I am a little confused and I need some help
here.

	HMCE_VAT_ESL_BULK_SUBMISSION_FILE,,,,,,
	987654321,401,2005,1,GBP,A Bloggs,0
	DE,123456789,750312,2,,,
	FI,12345678,649,0,,,
	FR,12345678901,62149,0,,,

Especially since some of my EU customers do not have EU VAT IDs. Or valid ones
for that matter. One customer supplied a domestic VAT ID which the ECSL system
would not take. Feck. The VAT helpline says if the Tax ID is invalid,
Webconverger Limited must pay the taxes. Umm... oh dear. He then advised they I
should confirm every EU VAT by calling 0151 7038720, because I cannot trust the
'Europa' Website, whatever that is. I have a feeling that EU VAT IDs are being
abused, though I can't say for sure.

Earlier I've been advised I do not need to charge tax for US customers. So I
have been only charging VAT for UK customers. Pity British customers, they seem
to get the worst deal, especially since the GBP has devalued so much.

So right now I can't quite submit my VAT return completely as I am unsure with
this electronics good stuff and the EU. Grr....

Just tried to log into [VAT
returns](https://online.hmrc.gov.uk/registration/organisation/whatyouneed?services=vat-returns)
and confusingly I had to register again on the Government Website. On the main
menu, it asks me to register for the New VAT Returns. WTF?!

UPDATE: After calling the VAT office, they initially wanted me to create a new
login. I've done this before and I am not doing it again. Then the advisor
conceded and said I should enrol on the 'New VAT returns' service via the
Government Gateway. That went well since he walked my though the odd values
like when and what I paid in my last VAT return. How am I supposed to
remember??

Next I rang up ECSL people on 0151 7038720 and a lovely woman from Liverpool
answered my queries. She said that since Webconverger does not trade in
physical goods, I need to write in and tell the 'ESL compliance team' that I
should be taken off the ECSL database. Aha!

She also advised when filling in the VAT returns to **leave Box 8 blank**
otherwise the sysmte might re-enroll Webconverger to the ECSL.
